OKTA-441197 - Edits to OIN submission docs (#2921)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oin-oidc-protocols/main/index.md

## Authorization Code flow

> For OIDC applications destined for the OIN, Okta recommends building a web application with a dedicated server-side back end that is capable of securely storing a client secret and exchanging information with an authorization server through trusted back-channel connections.

Reviewer: For "back end", I've seen it as:
back end
back-end << this one seems to be used more, maybe use this one.
backend

Author: I would normally avoid using "back end", but don't want to replace it with a word without vetting by Eng. 
Microsoft says to use: Two words as a noun. Hyphenate as an adjective.

Reviewer: 👍

> If you are planning to build a single page application (SPA), see the [Authorization Code flow with PKCE](#authorization-code-flow-with-pkce) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Authorization Code flow with PKCE](#authorization-code-flow-with-pkce) if you're planning to build a single page application (SPA).
```

* Your end user (also known as the Resource Owner) opens their web browser (the User Agent) to access and work with your application (the Client). The Client requires information from various back-end infrastructure elements (the Resource Server), usually an API or service. By clicking a sign-in link or an icon on their Okta dashboard, the end user grants authorization to your application and initiates the Authorization Code flow.
* Your Client prepares an authentication request to authenticate the end user (or determine if the end user is authenticated already). This request is composed of specific required parameters and is sent to the Okta `/authorize` endpoint:

>   * `client_id`: This value is the Okta client ID created for you when you made your Okta app integration and is available in your Okta app integration settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `client_id`: The Okta client ID that is created for you when you made your Okta app integration and is available in your Okta app integration settings
```

  * `nonce`: A value returned in the ID token to mitigate against replay attacks
  * `redirect_uri`: The location where the response is sent. This value, which must start with `https://`, is set in your Okta app integrations settings.

>   * `response_type=code`: This value informs Okta (as the authorization server) that you want to get back an access token and an ID token in exchange for the authorization code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `response_type=code`: A value that informs Okta (as the authorization server) that you want to get back an access token and an ID token in exchange for the authorization code
```

>   * `scope`: This parameter must contain `openid` to indicate that this is an OIDC request and that you want to get back an ID token. You can add optional scopes to your request to limit the user information returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `scope`: A parameter that must contain `openid` to indicate that this is an OIDC request and that you want to get back an ID token. You can add optional scopes to your request to limit the user information returned.
```

>   * `state`: A value returned in the token. The client application can use it to remember the state of its interaction with the end user at the time of the authentication call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `state`: A value that is returned in the token. The client application can use it to remember the state of its interaction with the end user at the time of the authentication call.
```

* Your application sends a redirect response to the browser that contains the composed authentication request. The browser interprets the redirect and sends the authentication request to the `/authorize` endpoint on the Okta Authorization Server over secure HTTPS.
* Okta then sends the browser to a sign-in page that either asks the end user to provide authentication and consent to the requested scopes or confirms that Okta has authenticated the user.
* The end user provides proof of identity (using any of the supported authentication methods) and gives consent for any requested claims defined in your `scopes` parameter. These claims are specific pieces of information that are included in the token provided by Okta.
* The browser receives an authorization code response from the Okta Authorization Server. If there is an error or the authentication fails for any reason, the browser returns the error to the end user. If the authentication is successful, the Okta Authorization Server issues an authorization code value and includes it in a redirect that sends the browser over to the Client at one of the **Sign-in redirect URIs** callback locations.

> * The Client (your application) then submits a request to the Okta `/token` endpoint using the authorization code value and the client secret. If both are valid, then Okta returns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Client (your application) then submits a request to the Okta `/token` endpoint by using the authorization code value and the client secret. If both are valid, then Okta returns:
```

  * `access_token`: Restricted to give access only to what the end user authorized for your application

>   * `token_type=Bearer`: This identifies the authentication method used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `token_type=Bearer`: The authentication method that is used
```

  * `expires_in`: The expiration time for the access token (in seconds)
  * `scope`: The scopes that are contained in the access token
  * `id_token`: Contains specific info (in JWT format) about the authentication and the end user that is needed by the application

  <!-- * Optional. `refresh_token` &mdash; returned if the `offline_access` scope is granted. You can exchange this token for a new access token if the previous access token is expired. **Remove due to OKTA-441197**: The `refresh_token` option should not be used if you intend to publish your app in the OIN. -->
* The access token is then used by your application to retrieve the protected resources and information requested at the Resource Server for the end user.

> The Authorization Code flow depends on Okta and your SaaS back end systems being able to securely communicate the client secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Authorization Code flow depends on Okta and your SaaS back-end systems being able to securely communicate the client secret.
```

* Your end user (also known as the Resource Owner) opens the SPA app in their browser to access and work with your application (the Client). The Client requires information from various back-end infrastructure elements (the Resource Server), usually an API or service. By clicking a sign-in link, the end user grants authorization to your application and initiates the Authorization Code flow with PKCE.
* Your client application prepares an authentication request to authenticate the end user. This request is composed of specific required parameters and is sent to the Okta `/authorize` endpoint with a code challenge:

>   * `client_id`: The Okta client ID created for you when you made your Okta app integration and is available in your Okta app integration settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `client_id`: The Okta client ID that is created for you when you made your Okta app integration and is available in your Okta app integration settings
```

  * `redirect_uri`: The location where the response is sent. This value, which must start with `https://`, is set in your Okta app integrations settings.
  * `response_type=code`: Informs Okta (as the authorization server) that you want to get back an access token and an ID token in exchange for the authorization code
  * `state`: An arbitrary value returned in the token. The client application can use it to remember the state of its interaction with the end user at the time of the authentication call
  * `scope`: Must contain `openid` to indicate that you want to get back an ID token from the `/token` endpoint
  * `code_challenge`: The PKCE code challenge that you previously generated

>   * `code_challenge_method`: The hash method used to generate the challenge value. This value is always `S256`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `code_challenge_method`: The hash method that is used to generate the challenge value. This value is always `S256`.
```

  * A `grant_type` of `authorization_code`
  * The `client_id` and the `redirect_uri` for your app
* If both the code and the verifier are valid, then Okta returns:
  * `access_token`: Restricted to give access only to what the end user authorized for your application

>   * `token_type=Bearer`: Identifies the authentication method used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `token_type=Bearer`: Identifies the authentication method that is used
```

There are three URIs that you need to consider when creating an OIDC app for the OIN:

> 1. **Sign-in redirect URIs**: After the user is successfully authorized by Okta, this is the callback location is where the user is directed to along with the authorization code. This URI must exactly match at least one of the redirect URI values pre-registered in the Okta app integration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Sign-in redirect URIs**: After the user is successfully authorized by Okta, this is the callback location is where the user is directed to along with the authorization code. This URI must exactly match at least one of the redirect URI values that is pre-registered in the Okta app integration settings.
```

> 2. Optional. **Initiate login URI**: This URI is used if the application is launched from the Okta dashboard (known as an IdP-initiated flow) and you want your Okta integration to handle redirecting your users to your application to start the sign-in request. When end users click your app in their Okta dashboard, they are redirected to the `initiate_login_uri` of the client application, which constructs the authentication request and redirects the end user back to the authorization server. This URI must exactly match the Initiate URI value pre-registered in the Okta app integration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Optional. **Initiate login URI**: This URI is used if the application is launched from the Okta dashboard (known as an IdP-initiated flow) and you want your Okta integration to handle redirecting your users to your application to start the sign-in request. When end users click your app in their Okta dashboard, they are redirected to the `initiate_login_uri` of the client application, which constructs the authentication request and redirects the end user back to the authorization server. This URI must exactly match the Initiate URI value that is pre-registered in the Okta app integration settings.
```

> 3. Optional. **Sign-out redirect URIs**: A location to send the user after a sign off operation is performed and their session is terminated. Otherwise, the user is redirected back to the sign-in page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optional. **Sign-out redirect URIs**: A location to send the user after a sign-off operation is performed and their session is terminated. Otherwise, the user is redirected back to the sign-in page.
```
